my logic with the personnel in my division departments on aboard my ships
I was more of a wants a near far. I was more arms reach. You will
always be, You know, Mr or Mrs Ensign, Lieutenant Commander, you're
always going to be looked at as the captain. Your lot would be Elissa
grew. And that applies even if you're a Mustang, you know, you used
to be in the chief's mess. You're not in that business anymore.
You're in the wardroom now. And that implies, you know, you want to
know what your people, what their families are. You know who's the wife?
Sons are going to college. Any special needs money, What air of
that And be able to talk to a person. Be personal. You don't want to
be seen as a machine or a robot like that. But at the same time, you
need to keep a hand at arm's reach because we are in, uh, professional
arms way. Our men, women, combat arms, and there's going to be
a time when you may be called upon to go in harm's way. And that is
part of the good water invisible. You must be ready to execute the
mission way. All combat minute arms